so you might have heard about this this
is Wilson's new airless basketball
prototype it is 3D printed and the
number one question everyone wants to
know is how does it actually bounce but
before I even bounce it there are other
differences this is a regular NBA ball
it feels different like it's got this
slick texture to it um it also smells
very different kind of smells like a
shoe also I'm sure other people have
heard of uh Trypophobia with the the
thing with the holes in it like this has
a lot of that might bother some people
but anyway okay real question how does
it bounce NBA
ball airless
ball so
quiet that's like 90% of a regular ball
that's crazy I always wondered if things
would get inside it like if you played
on a dirty Court outside but ah this is
crazy I I did not expect that anyway
this thing is $2,500 so don't expect to
see it everywhere anytime soon but it is
an interesting idea